Add limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud (#13967)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

---
title: Limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud
summary: Learn about the limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud.
---

# Limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud

> TiDB Cloud works with almost all workloads that TiDB supports, but there are feature differences between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. This document describes the limitations of SQL features on TiDB Cloud. We are constantly filling in the feature gaps between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. If you require these features or capabilities in the gap, contact us for a feature request.

Author: Good point, let's put this link.

| validate_password.policy | No limitation | Can only be MEDIUM or STRONG [^10] |
| validate_password.special_char_count | No limitation | Can not be smaller than 1 [^10] |
| wait_timeout | No limitation | Readonly [^11] |

[^1]: Configuring data placement is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

[^2]: Configuring resource groups is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

[^3]: To perform [Back up and Restore](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-serverless.md) operations on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead. 

[^4]: The feature is unavailable in [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security).

[^5]: To track [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead.

[^6]: To perform [Statement Analysis](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#statement-analysis) on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead.

[^7]: Drainer and Pump are not supported on TiDB Cloud.

[^8]: Plugin is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

[^9]: [Time to live (TTL)](/time-to-live.md) is currently unavailable on TiDB Serverless.

[^10]: TiDB Serverless enforces strong password policy.

> [^11]: The variable is readonly on TiDB Serverless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^11]: The variable is read-only on TiDB Serverless.
```
